# SuperficialFlow.github.io

<h1 align="center">Personal Website</h1>

1. 
- Application of Concept Thought: When creating the webpage, I initially referred to some resources to establish the framework. After organizing key elements to be divided into sections on the webpage, I familiarized myself with dividing each row of content and sectioning it off into segments for improved accessibility and organization. During this process, I linked HTML to the stylesheets and started adjusting the content within the conceptualized framework. To begin, I arranged the navigation or general menu for both desktop and mobile media using flex, space between, and aligning items. Following that, I added my profile content to the HTML and continued to use flex, margins, padding, justify content, and other properties to obtain the desired notion before constructing the webpage. Another component used was the integration of animations and responsiveness. I used transitions to alter items and keyframes to execute particular actions, which improved the webpage's liveliness. In addition, I used CSS media queries to change the orientation of website items for smaller screen sizes. A JavaScript code was used to display a drop-down menu of the desktop version's navigation items, ensuring compatibility on smaller screens.
- Design: The usual procedure that I've studied in design thinking is to determine what type of framework I'll be working with. And how that framework will be used as the foundation for the project I will be working on. The design of the personal webpage has led me to formulate crucial aspects such as the user interface that will decide the reader's media screen, the information to be displayed in my personal profile, and the intractability of the webpage itself. Several of these would be icons or symbols placed beside each section of the webpage, animations that transform and move objects to highlight some sections, href links that allow the user to move through those aforementioned sections or hyperlinks to send the user to sites that include the user's contact information and referencing, and a menu for ease of access.
- Content: The content is comprised of those that are relevant to my profile, with information on my current student status and previous and current academic experiences. I essentially listed some significant information and then organized it into their relevant categories.
- Creativity: With the provided resources and after brainstorming ideas and elements to implement within the webpage, I opted for a minimalistic approach in designing it. I utilized online tools to generate possible color palettes and eventually settled on a shade of green and a lighter-toned yellow to highlight important elements I wanted to emphasize on my webpage. Additionally, some of the icons and images play a crucial visual role in making the webpage effective in conveying the information I aim to express.
- Deployment: By entering the repository and selecting github-pages, you can open the link to the repository's webpage. (https://superficialflow.github.io/)

2. What I learned from the guided activities has helped me lay the groundwork for my future employment and begin the learning process of webpage creation and the use of GitHub as a platform for creating, saving, editing, merging, and collaborating on files or code. I find coding in these languages to be simple and useful for developing content for personal development and exploration. The ease of use and simplicity of GitHub improved my entire quality of life, allowing me to express myself more effectively while studying. The guided exercises honed my skills and increased my capacity to carry out specific activities to reach my aims.

3. However, I found myself struggling with several aspects of visualizing specific properties and how they can affect the arrangement of pieces. This prompts me to tamper with the code in order to achieve the intended effects.

4. How I would like to further improve my capabilities would be that I'd like to improve my general visibility of the subsequent actions of various attributes, as well as tweak for better code organization and consistency. And other related design choices to improve both the visual and interactive aspects of the website.

5. Overall, I appreciated being able to begin visualizing what I wanted to develop and including some beneficial components while writing the code. It broadened my creative perspective on graphic design and the aspects that affect the structure and content of a website.
